Add encode note in serverless driver (#14877)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/serverless-driver-config.md

### Database URL

> **Note:**
>

> > You must [percentage-encode](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Percent-encoding) special characters for your username, password, and database if you pass them by the url. For example, `password1@//?` becomes `password1%40%2F%2F%3F`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If your username, password, or database name contains special characters, you must [percentage-encode](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Percent-encoding) these characters when passing them by the URL. For example, the password `password1@//?` would be encoded as `password1%40%2F%2F%3F` in the URL.
```
